hello everyone so it's two weeks until
exams now but you know today's fresh day
a fresh start I'm gonna get some good
revision in had a bit of a meltdown last
night but we move on from it I've just
got to keep focused and not get upset
because that's gonna hamper my studying
ability I'm doing a two-hour live stream
starting in about 40 minutes I've got a
super vision this afternoon today is
gonna be focused on my relativity module
I have mixed feelings about my
relativity module I did some papers the
other day and all the questions were
really nice and I could do them all I
attempted a paper last night and I just
couldn't do any of the questions at all
so really it's the lock of the drawer
isn't it really hopefully I get good at
physics this week please let me get good
at physics this week is about time so I
am just making my life I done a live Sun
screen I've got half an hour until my
supervision I want to look over some
more work before I start as well so
ideally I eat in the next 15 minutes
it's actually looking very sunny outside
so I think I'm gonna go sit in the
garden this morning's just been painful
like I don't know if it came across on
my live stream some of the questions I
have no idea what's going on you know
the questions are just so hard that it's
just a real struggle to go through them
it is lovely and sunny outside and I've
had my lunch I'm just enjoying a blue
sky before I go back in I said I was
gonna get back to work by now do you
know my super started to I reckon I'll
get back to my desk at 10 to 2 which
gives me another two minutes outside
[Music]
that was the most awkward supervision I
think I've ever had I don't know maybe
it's just the whole phone call thing but
there are so many awkward silences the
thing is every question me or my super
partner asked our supervisor just didn't
know either I'd be interested to know
what his research area is he was trying
to work through at the same times we
were trying to work through it he was
asking us what we thought with his
approach come on you're supposed to help
us out like I don't think there was one
question we asked him in that
supervision which he came up with an
answer for a genuine jokes it was one
question and we were on the call for an
hour and 20 minutes the thing is I don't
want to be too harsh on this particular
supervisor because it seemed like he is
not handling lockdown too great
you've got to be mindful that people are
in different situations at the moment we
received a few emails today from uni the
master of Jesus clothes and out an email
to finalists today talking about our
graduation options because obviously the
normal graduation ceremonies will not be
going ahead this summer the default
option is going to be everyone graduates
in absentia which means we get awarded
our degree and we don't have the normal
ceremony but we get a transcript you
know we have a degree they are at some
point in the future going to organise
the graduation celebration for us we're
the ceremony at Senate house still but
it won't be a proper graduation because
you're not allowed to graduate in
absentia and then graduate again which I
guess is the best we're gonna get it
looks like we're going to be graduating
in my bedroom this year isn't that
exciting another email was sent out by
college telling us about where we can
get careers advice and then the final
thing I've seen today is
a news article published in varsity and
it said today in emails that sent out to
all the senior tutors saying the
lectures next academic year at Cambridge
are all going to be conducted online
they'll all be done virtually and no one
will go to lecture theatres which to be
fair shouldn't become as much of a
surprise since lectures are massive
group gatherings it's still kind of
upsetting to hear even though I'm not
even going back next year
honestly I'd hate it doing a whole year
of lectures just taking place in my room
part of the thing I loved about uni was
cycling around and my little bike
dragging myself out of bed for those
nine o'clock starts in West Cambridge
you know the reality of it is kind of
kicking in this is a very long-term
thing and I might not see my friends
from uni for like a year which really
sucks
hello everyone I've been working kind of
this evening I haven't got any
supervision scheduled for the rest of
this week I'd like to have supervision
scheduled but I currently don't I need
to more supervision xin staff is the
supervisors don't reply to my email so
i'm gonna have to send another email
tomorrow morning and try chase that oh
the other thing i'm going to do this
evening is go through a pack of
flashcards i need to choose which module
i want to go through I might do dynamics
actually I'm aiming to go through a pack
every evening because you know I make
these flashcards for a reason
I'm going to go get in my pajamas finish
with a couple of questions and do a pack
of flashcards and hopefully get to bed
before midnight it's only ten fifty
three so I think that's very doable uh
see you tomorrow guys good morning
everyone so I am just about to get out
bed I'm just finding the motivation get
out of bed I'm not a morning person I
keep saying I'm gonna get up at eight
o'clock and I set my alarm or eight
o'clock and before I know it it's 8:52
and I'm still in bed I was up past
midnight last night even though I said
midnight I'm gonna go to bed I ended up
working until about half-past twelve but
I did quite productive work I seemed to
come alive at night and get working at
night maybe I should just turn nocturnal
because it was quite focused yesterday
evening I'm gonna go get some breakfast
this morning
I've received the date for my Viva which
is a spraycan examination thing I
haven't actually done one before I'm not
gonna lie I don't know totally what to
expect anyway they've scheduled these
drivers for the 29th and 30th of June
which is over a month away I was
supposed to have graduated by then good
news is I have a reply from a
statistical physics supervisor and he
said he can do both a supervision on the
4th program set and a revision
supervision in the next two weeks and
we've got dates set for them and I'm so
relieved because I was really worried I
wasn't gonna get any super difference
for statistical physics for a minute and
that would have been a tragedy can you
hear the birds
I love the tweeting of birds that is
like one of my favorite sounds the
tweeting of birds it's so sunny outside
I think it's supposed to be the hottest
day of the year so far
in 15 minutes time I've got a meeting
with my director of studies and he's
going to call me on Google meats I think
I have tried out so many different video
cool platforms now by the end of look
down I'm going to be able to give a
comprehensive review of every different
video call platform there is
[Music]
nice I am out for a walk with my father
my mother versus a few people out and
about but we're keeping a distance
somehow it's past midnight again and I'm
still up but I'm going to bed now I'd
like to say that I've stayed up late
this evening because I've been working
but honestly my pace of working today
has been quite poor I had a really good
day yesterday and then today has kind of
dropped a bit but I will get back on it
tomorrow
hello everyone it's just gone midday and
I've been working this morning but in my
dressing-gown some some productive work
kind of I mean I've been focused it just
took me over an hour to get through one
question so that's always fun I'm gonna
tackle some exercise gear and go into my
garden and try jump around a bit just to
get a bit of exercise
[Music]
hello I'm listening to some music and
getting some work done on words with the
fluid dynamics questions I need to get
them done today
[Music]
all right that's not a super done I
tried to keep up at this stage I just
have no shame in saying I really don't
understand that and asking them to go
through it again because no one's going
to judge you you know it's my
opportunity to ask questions my final
opportunity before exams today we've
been told that the graduation date has
been set as the 27th of June however the
astroid Department emails saying we're
not gonna have our fibers until the 29th
or 30th of June and that means we're not
going to be awarded our grades until at
least the first week of July so I
physically can't graduate on the 27th of
June so does that mean I'm going to miss
the graduation in absence here and have
to graduate at the next ceremony because
see those things just keep getting
better at the moment don't they yeah I
suppose it doesn't really matter what
day I technically graduate I don't
particularly want to graduate but it's a
bit of a fact of life really isn't it
I've just been slumming it today in my
hoodie I mean I don't know what I'm
saying it today in particular because
I've been slumming it every single day
in my hoodie in my tracksuit bottoms but
my superpartner was dressed up in a
shirt today and I just thought I'm being
shown up here
I look so not put together it's
ridiculous
[Applause]
[Music]
hello everyone I don't think I filmed
much yesterday at all but yesterday
evening I had a virtual social wrong up
my friends from uni and it was nice to
catch up with them have a bit of a laugh
with them I'm gonna get up and get going
[Music]
finally I think I'm starting to take
these exams seriously and I'm really
focused this evening having a week on
one day to go is finally the point where
I've realised that I need to really
concentrate for whatever reason when it
comes to exams my brain just goes into
exam mode and I just stop
procrastinating and I just get on with
it and we are into that zone now it's
basically cramming those DUHS cramming
work I wouldn't just cram by itself for
an exam ever that would be way too
stressful to leave all the revision till
the last minute ah I think new normal
revision paired with some cramming at
the end of the revision period just
before exams come work your short-term
memory is a thing you might as well make
use of it the design is to revise until
midnight this evening because I didn't
get started that early this morning
obviously I stayed up late last night
talking to my friends which was nice but
that's definitely the last time that can
happen before exams I will speak to you
tomorrow how I've logged this afternoon
I've been on a cycle right there are
lots of people asked about on the greens
and it doesn't look like everyone's
social distancing quite a few big
gatherings from what I could say and I'm
not happy about it I really do miss my
cambridge bike though I had to leave my
cambridge bike at uni but i just didn't
appreciate that bike enough that bike
was great yes it was a bit chipped in
places yes it was an old hire bike but
it was a sturdy bike it cycled really
nicely and it had a massive basket oh my
bike oho makes the weirdest clunking
noises the highest gear I can put it in
is still quite low resistance
has the most uncomfortable seat ever
it's just not a nice bike but it's
better than no bike I miss cycle rides
inkay bread hello I've just been doing
my start questions which I need to send
off for marking tomorrow morning I'm
gonna sign off this book here it feels
like I only just started this vlog and
that just sums up how fast time is going
hopefully some of my thoughts and
feelings are a little bit relatable for
anyone else have me exam season and you
know we're all going to get through
exams together give the video a like if
you enjoyed it subscribe to my channel
to see more videos from me follow me
over on my Instagram to catch up with
more of what I'm getting up to and
that's it for this week see you guys
next week
[Music]
[Applause]